Absorb	User recovers half the HP inflicted on opponent.
Acid	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Acid Armor	Sharply raises user's Defense.
Agility	Sharply raises user's Speed.
Amnesia	Sharply raises user's Special Defense.
Aurora Beam	May lower opponent's Attack.
Barrage	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Barrier	Sharply raises user's Defense.
Bide	User takes damage for two turns then strikes back double.
Bind	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Bite	May cause flinching.
Blizzard	May freeze opponent.
Body Slam	May paralyze opponent.
Bone Club	May cause flinching.
Bonemerang	Hits twice in one turn.
Bubble	May lower opponent's Speed.
Bubble Beam	May lower opponent's Speed.
Clamp	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Comet Punch	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Confuse Ray	Confuses opponent.
Confusion	May confuse opponent.
Constrict	May lower opponent's Speed by one stage.
Conversion	Changes user's type to that of its first move.
Counter	When hit by a Physical Attack, user strikes back with 2x power.
Crabhammer	High critical hit ratio.
Cut	
Defense Curl	Raises user's Defense.
Dig	Digs underground on first turn, attacks on second. Can also escape from caves.
Disable	Opponent can't use its last attack for a few turns.
Dizzy Punch	May confuse opponent.
Double Kick	Hits twice in one turn.
Double Slap	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Double Team	Raises user's Evasiveness.
Double-Edge	User receives recoil damage.
Dragon Rage	Always inflicts 40 HP.
Dream Eater	User recovers half the HP inflicted on a sleeping opponent.
Drill Peck	
Earthquake	Power is doubled if opponent is underground from using Dig.
Egg Bomb	
Ember	May burn opponent.
Explosion	User faints.
Fire Blast	May burn opponent.
Fire Punch	May burn opponent.
Fire Spin	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Fissure	One-Hit-KO, if it hits.
Flamethrower	May burn opponent.
Flash	Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Fly	Flies up on first turn, attacks on second turn.
Focus Energy	Increases critical hit ratio.
Fury Attack	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Fury Swipes	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Glare	Paralyzes opponent.
Growl	Lowers opponent's Attack.
Growth	Raises user's Attack and Special Attack.
Guillotine	One-Hit-KO, if it hits.
Gust	Hits Pokemon using Fly/Bounce with double power.
Harden	Raises user's Defense.
Haze	Resets all stat changes.
Headbutt	May cause flinching.
High Jump Kick	If it misses, the user loses half their HP.
Horn Attack	
Horn Drill	One-Hit-KO, if it hits.
Hydro Pump	
Hyper Beam	User must recharge next turn.
Hyper Fang	May cause flinching.
Hypnosis	Puts opponent to sleep.
Ice Beam	May freeze opponent.
Ice Punch	May freeze opponent.
Jump Kick	If it misses, the user loses half their HP.
Karate Chop	High critical hit ratio.
Kinesis	Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Leech Life	User recovers half the HP inflicted on opponent.
Leech Seed	User steals HP from opponent each turn.
Leer	Lowers opponent's Defense.
Lick	May paralyze opponent.
Light Screen	Halves damage from Special attacks for 5 turns.
Lovely Kiss	Puts opponent to sleep.
Low Kick	The heavier the opponent, the stronger the attack.
Meditate	Raises user's Attack.
Mega Drain	User recovers half the HP inflicted on opponent.
Mega Kick	
Mega Punch	
Metronome	User performs any move in the game at random.
Mimic	Copies the opponent's last move.
Minimize	Sharply raises user's Evasiveness.
Mirror Move	User performs the opponent's last move.
Mist	User's stats cannot be changed for a period of time.
Night Shade	Inflicts damage equal to user's level.
Pay Day	A small amount of money is gained after the battle resolves.
Peck	
Petal Dance	User attacks for 2-3 turns but then becomes confused.
Pin Missile	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Poison Gas	Poisons opponent.
Poison Powder	Poisons opponent.
Poison Sting	May poison the opponent.
Pound	
Psybeam	May confuse opponent.
Psychic	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Psywave	Inflicts damage 50-150% of user's level.
Quick Attack	User attacks first.
Rage	Raises user's Attack when hit.
Razor Leaf	High critical hit ratio.
Razor Wind	Charges on first turn, attacks on second. High critical hit ratio.
Recover	User recovers half its max HP.
Reflect	Halves damage from Physical attacks for 5 turns.
Rest	User sleeps for 2 turns, but user is fully healed.
Roar	In battles, the opponent switches. In the wild, the Pokemon runs.
Rock Slide	May cause flinching.
Rock Throw	
Rolling Kick	May cause flinching.
Sand Attack	Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Scratch	
Screech	Sharply lowers opponent's Defense.
Seismic Toss	Inflicts damage equal to user's level.
Self-Destruct	User faints.
Sharpen	Raises user's Attack.
Sing	Puts opponent to sleep.
Skull Bash	Raises Defense on first turn, attacks on second.
Sky Attack	Charges on first turn, attacks on second. May cause flinching.
Slam	
Slash	High critical hit ratio.
Sleep Powder	Puts opponent to sleep.
Sludge	May poison opponent.
Smog	May poison opponent.
Smokescreen	Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Soft-Boiled	User recovers half its max HP.
Solar Beam	Charges on first turn, attacks on second.
Sonic Boom	Always inflicts 20 HP.
Spike Cannon	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Splash	Doesn't do ANYTHING.
Spore	Puts opponent to sleep.
Stomp	May cause flinching.
Strength	
String Shot	Sharply lowers opponent's Speed.
Struggle	Only usable when all PP are gone. Hurts the user.
Stun Spore	Paralyzes opponent.
Submission	User receives recoil damage.
Substitute	Uses HP to creates a decoy that takes hits.
Super Fang	Always takes off half of the opponent's HP.
Supersonic	Confuses opponent.
Surf	Hits all adjacent Pokemon.
Swift	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Swords Dance	Sharply raises user's Attack.
Tackle	
Tail Whip	Lowers opponent's Defense.
Take Down	User receives recoil damage.
Teleport	Allows user to flee wild battles; also warps player to last PokeCenter.
Thrash	User attacks for 2-3 turns but then becomes confused.
Thunder	May paralyze opponent.
Thunder Punch	May paralyze opponent.
Thunder Shock	May paralyze opponent.
Thunder Wave	Paralyzes opponent.
Thunderbolt	May paralyze opponent.
Toxic	Badly poisons opponent.
Transform	User takes on the form and attacks of the opponent.
Tri Attack	May paralyze, burn or freeze opponent.
Twineedle	Hits twice in one turn. May poison opponent.
Vice Grip	
Vine Whip	
Water Gun	
Waterfall	May cause flinching.
Whirlwind	In battles, the opponent switches. In the wild, the Pokemon runs.
Wing Attack	
Withdraw	Raises user's Defense.
Wrap	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Aeroblast	High critical hit ratio.
Ancient Power	May raise all user's stats at once.
Attract	If opponent is the opposite gender, it's less likely to attack.
Baton Pass	User switches out and gives stat changes to the incoming Pokemon.
Beat Up	Each Pokemon in your party attacks.
Belly Drum	User loses 50% of its max HP, but Attack raises to maximum.
Bone Rush	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Charm	Sharply lowers opponent's Attack.
Conversion 2	User changes type to become resistant to opponent's last move.
Cotton Spore	Sharply lowers opponent's Speed.
Cross Chop	High critical hit ratio.
Crunch	May lower opponent's Defense.
Curse	Ghosts lose 50% of max HP and curse the opponent; Non-Ghosts raise Attack, Defense and lower Speed.
Destiny Bond	If the user faints, the opponent also faints.
Detect	Opponent's attack doesn't affect you, but may fail if used often.
Dragon Breath	May paralyze opponent.
Dynamic Punch	Confuses opponent.
Encore	Forces opponent to keep using its last move for 3 turns.
Endure	Always left with at least 1 HP, but may fail if used consecutively.
Extreme Speed	User attacks first.
False Swipe	Always leaves opponent with at least 1 HP.
Feint Attack	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Flail	The lower the user's HP, the higher the power.
Flame Wheel	May burn opponent.
Foresight	Resets opponent's Evasiveness, Normal-type and Fighting-type attacks can now hit Ghosts, and Ghost-type attacks hit Normal.
Frustration	Power decreases with higher Happiness.
Fury Cutter	Power increases each turn.
Future Sight	Damage occurs 2 turns later.
Giga Drain	User recovers half the HP inflicted on opponent.
Heal Bell	Heals the user's party's status conditions.
Hidden Power	Type and power depends on user's IVs.
Icy Wind	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Iron Tail	May lower opponent's Defense.
Lock-On	The next move the user uses is guaranteed to hit.
Mach Punch	User attacks first.
Magnitude	Hits with random power.
Mean Look	Opponent cannot flee or switch.
Megahorn	
Metal Claw	May raise user's Attack.
Milk Drink	User recovers half its max HP.
Mind Reader	User's next attack is guaranteed to hit.
Mirror Coat	When hit by a Special Attack, user strikes back with 2x power.
Moonlight	User recovers HP. Amount varies with the weather.
Morning Sun	User recovers HP. Amount varies with the weather.
Mud-Slap	Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Nightmare	The sleeping opponent loses 25% of its max HP each turn.
Octazooka	May lower opponent's Accuracy.
Outrage	User attacks for 2-3 turns but then becomes confused.
Pain Split	The user's and opponent's HP becomes the average of both.
Perish Song	Any Pokemon in play when this attack is used faints in 3 turns.
Powder Snow	May freeze opponent.
Present	Either deals damage or heals.
Protect	User is not affected by opponent's move.
Psych Up	Copies the opponent's stat changes.
Pursuit	Double power if the opponent is switching out.
Rain Dance	Makes it rain for 5 turns.
Rapid Spin	Removes effects of trap moves.
Return	Power increases with user's Happiness.
Reversal	The lower the user's HP, the higher the power.
Rock Smash	May lower opponent's Defense.
Rollout	Doubles in power each turn for 5 turns.
Sacred Fire	May burn opponent.
Safeguard	The user's party is protected from status conditions.
Sandstorm	Creates a sandstorm for 5 turns.
Scary Face	Sharply lowers opponent's Speed.
Shadow Ball	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Sketch	Permanently copies the opponent's last move.
Sleep Talk	User performs one of its own moves while sleeping.
Sludge Bomb	May poison opponent.
Snore	Can only be used if asleep. May cause flinching.
Spark	May paralyze opponent.
Spider Web	Opponent cannot escape/switch.
Spikes	Hurts opponents when they switch into battle.
Spite	The opponent's last move loses 2-5 PP.
Steel Wing	May raise user's Defense.
Sunny Day	Makes it sunny for 5 turns.
Swagger	Opponent becomes confused, but its Attack is raised two stages.
Sweet Kiss	Confuses opponent.
Sweet Scent	Lowers opponent's Evasiveness.
Synthesis	User recovers HP. Amount varies with the weather.
Thief	Also steals opponent's held item.
Triple Kick	Hits thrice in one turn at increasing power.
Twister	May cause flinching. Hits Pokemon using Fly/Bounce with double power.
Vital Throw	User attacks last, but ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Whirlpool	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Zap Cannon	Paralyzes opponent.
Aerial Ace	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Air Cutter	High critical hit ratio.
Arm Thrust	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Aromatherapy	Cures all status problems in your party.
Assist	In a Double Battle, user randomly attacks with a partner's move.
Astonish	May cause flinching.
Blast Burn	User must recharge next turn.
Blaze Kick	High critical hit ratio. May burn opponent.
Block	Opponent cannot flee or switch.
Bounce	Springs up on first turn, attacks on second. May paralyze opponent.
Brick Break	Breaks through Reflect and Light Screen barriers.
Bulk Up	Raises user's Attack and Defense.
Bullet Seed	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Calm Mind	Raises user's Special Attack and Special Defense.
Camouflage	Changes user's type according to the location.
Charge	Raises user's Special Defense and next Electric move's power increases.
Cosmic Power	Raises user's Defense and Special Defense.
Covet	Opponent's item is stolen by the user.
Crush Claw	May lower opponent's Defense.
Dive	Dives underwater on first turn, attacks on second turn.
Doom Desire	Damage occurs 2 turns later.
Dragon Claw	
Dragon Dance	Raises user's Attack and Speed.
Endeavor	Reduces opponent's HP to same as user's.
Eruption	Stronger when the user's HP is higher.
Extrasensory	May cause flinching.
Facade	Power doubles if user is burned, poisoned, or paralyzed.
Fake Out	User attacks first, foe flinches. Only usable on first turn.
Fake Tears	Sharply lowers opponent's Special Defense.
Feather Dance	Sharply lowers opponent's Attack.
Flatter	Confuses opponent, but raises its Special Attack by two stages.
Focus Punch	If the user is hit before attacking, it flinches instead.
Follow Me	In Double Battle, the user takes all the attacks.
Frenzy Plant	User must recharge next turn.
Grass Whistle	Puts opponent to sleep.
Grudge	If the users faints after using this move, the PP for the opponent's last move is depleted.
Hail	Non-Ice types are damaged for 5 turns.
Heat Wave	May burn opponent.
Helping Hand	In Double Battles, boosts the power of the partner's move.
Howl	Raises user's Attack.
Hydro Cannon	User must recharge next turn.
Hyper Voice	
Ice Ball	Doubles in power each turn for 5 turns.
Icicle Spear	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Imprison	Opponent is unable to use moves that the user also knows.
Ingrain	User restores HP each turn. User cannot escape/switch.
Iron Defense	Sharply raises user's Defense.
Knock Off	Removes opponent's held item for the rest of the battle.
Leaf Blade	High critical hit ratio.
Luster Purge	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Magic Coat	Reflects moves that cause status conditions back to the attacker.
Magical Leaf	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Memento	User faints, sharply lowers opponent's Attack and Special Attack.
Metal Sound	Sharply lowers opponent's Special Defense.
Meteor Mash	May raise user's Attack.
Mist Ball	May lower opponent's Special Attack.
Mud Shot	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Mud Sport	Weakens the power of Electric-type moves.
Muddy Water	May lower opponent's Accuracy.
Nature Power	Uses a certain move based on the current terrain.
Needle Arm	May cause flinching.
Odor Sleuth	Resets opponent's Evasiveness, Normal-type and Fighting-type attacks can now hit Ghosts, and Ghost-type attacks hit Normal.
Overheat	Sharply lowers user's Special Attack.
Poison Fang	May badly poison opponent.
Poison Tail	High critical hit ratio. May poison opponent.
Psycho Boost	Sharply lowers user's Special Attack.
Recycle	User's used hold item is restored.
Refresh	Cures paralysis, poison, and burns.
Revenge	Power increases if user was hit first.
Rock Blast	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Rock Tomb	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Role Play	User copies the opponent's Ability.
Sand Tomb	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Secret Power	Effects of the attack vary with the location.
Shadow Punch	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Sheer Cold	One-Hit-KO, if it hits.
Shock Wave	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Signal Beam	May confuse opponent.
Silver Wind	May raise all stats of user at once.
Skill Swap	The user swaps Abilities with the opponent.
Sky Uppercut	Hits the opponent, even during Fly.
Slack Off	User recovers half its max HP.
Smelling Salts	Power doubles if opponent is paralyzed, but cures it.
Snatch	Steals the effects of the opponent's next move.
Spit Up	Power depends on how many times the user performed Stockpile.
Stockpile	Stores energy for use with Spit Up and Swallow.
Superpower	Lowers user's Attack and Defense.
Swallow	The more times the user has performed Stockpile, the more HP is recovered.
Tail Glow	Drastically raises user's Special Attack.
Taunt	Opponent can only use moves that attack.
Teeter Dance	Confuses all Pokemon.
Tickle	Lowers opponent's Attack and Defense.
Torment	Opponent cannot use the same move in a row.
Trick	Swaps held items with the opponent.
Uproar	User attacks for 3 turns and prevents sleep.
Volt Tackle	User receives recoil damage. May paralyze opponent.
Water Pulse	May confuse opponent.
Water Sport	Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
Water Spout	The higher the user's HP, the higher the damage caused.
Weather Ball	Move's power and type changes with the weather.
Will-O-Wisp	Burns opponent.
Wish	The user recovers HP in the following turn.
Yawn	Puts opponent to sleep in the next turn.
Acupressure	Sharply raises a random stat.
Air Slash	May cause flinching.
Aqua Jet	User attacks first.
Aqua Ring	Restores a little HP each turn.
Aqua Tail	
Assurance	Power doubles if opponent already took damage in the same turn.
Attack Order	High critical hit ratio.
Aura Sphere	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Avalanche	Power doubles if user took damage first.
Brave Bird	User receives recoil damage.
Brine	Power doubles if opponent's HP is less than 50%.
Bug Bite	Receives the effect from the opponent's held berry.
Bug Buzz	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Bullet Punch	User attacks first.
Captivate	Sharply lowers opponent's Special Attack if opposite gender.
Charge Beam	May raise user's Special Attack.
Chatter	Confuses opponent.
Close Combat	Lowers user's Defense and Special Defense.
Copycat	Copies opponent's last move.
Cross Poison	High critical hit ratio. May poison opponent.
Crush Grip	More powerful when opponent has higher HP.
Dark Pulse	May cause flinching.
Dark Void	Puts all adjacent opponents to sleep.
Defend Order	Raises user's Defense and Special Defense.
Defog	Lowers opponent's Evasiveness and clears fog.
Discharge	May paralyze opponent.
Double Hit	Hits twice in one turn.
Draco Meteor	Sharply lowers user's Special Attack.
Dragon Pulse	
Dragon Rush	May cause flinching.
Drain Punch	User recovers half the HP inflicted on opponent.
Earth Power	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Embargo	Opponent cannot use items.
Energy Ball	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Feint	Only hits if opponent uses Protect or Detect in the same turn.
Fire Fang	May cause flinching and/or burn opponent.
Flare Blitz	User receives recoil damage. May burn opponent.
Flash Cannon	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Fling	Power depends on held item.
Focus Blast	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Force Palm	May paralyze opponent.
Gastro Acid	Cancels out the effect of the opponent's Ability.
Giga Impact	User must recharge next turn.
Grass Knot	The heavier the opponent, the stronger the attack.
Gravity	Prevents moves like Fly and Bounce and the Ability Levitate for 5 turns.
Guard Swap	User and opponent swap Defense and Special Defense.
Gunk Shot	May poison opponent.
Gyro Ball	The slower the user, the stronger the attack.
Hammer Arm	Lowers user's Speed.
Head Smash	User receives recoil damage.
Heal Block	Prevents the opponent from restoring HP for 5 turns.
Heal Order	User recovers half its max HP.
Healing Wish	The user faints and the next Pokemon released is fully healed.
Heart Swap	Stat changes are swapped with the opponent.
Ice Fang	May cause flinching and/or freeze opponent.
Ice Shard	User attacks first.
Iron Head	May cause flinching.
Judgment	Type depends on the Arceus Plate being held.
Last Resort	Can only be used after all other moves are used.
Lava Plume	May burn opponent.
Leaf Storm	Sharply lowers user's Special Attack.
Lucky Chant	Opponent cannot land critical hits for 5 turns.
Lunar Dance	The user faints but the next Pokemon released is fully healed.
Magma Storm	Traps opponent, damaging them for 4-5 turns.
Magnet Bomb	Ignores Accuracy and Evasiveness.
Magnet Rise	User becomes immune to Ground-type moves for 5 turns.
Me First	User copies the opponent's attack with 1.5¡¿ power.
Metal Burst	Deals damage equal to 1.5x opponent's attack.
Miracle Eye	Resets opponent's Evasiveness, removes Dark's Psychic immunity.
Mirror Shot	May lower opponent's Accuracy.
Mud Bomb	May lower opponent's Accuracy.
Nasty Plot	Sharply raises user's Special Attack.
Natural Gift	Power and type depend on the user's held berry.
Night Slash	High critical hit ratio.
Ominous Wind	May raise all user's stats at once.
Payback	Power doubles if the user was attacked first.
Pluck	If the opponent is holding a berry, its effect is stolen by user.
Poison Jab	May poison the opponent.
Power Gem	
Power Swap	User and opponent swap Attack and Special Attack.
Power Trick	User's own Attack and Defense switch.
Power Whip	
Psycho Cut	High critical hit ratio.
Psycho Shift	Gives the opponent the user's status condition, if it hits.
Punishment	Power increases when opponent's stats have been raised.
Roar of Time	User must recharge next turn.
Rock Climb	May confuse opponent.
Rock Polish	Sharply raises user's Speed.
Rock Wrecker	User must recharge next turn.
Roost	User recovers half of its max HP and loses the Flying type temporarily.
Seed Bomb	
Seed Flare	May lower opponent's Special Defense.
Shadow Claw	High critical hit ratio.
Shadow Force	Disappears on first turn, attacks on second. Can strike through Protect/Detect.
Shadow Sneak	User attacks first.
Spacial Rend	High critical hit ratio.
Stealth Rock	Damages opponent switching into battle.
Stone Edge	High critical hit ratio.
Sucker Punch	User attacks first, but only works if opponent is readying an attack.
Switcheroo	Swaps held items with the opponent.
Tailwind	Doubles Speed for 4 turns.
Thunder Fang	May cause flinching and/or paralyze opponent.
Toxic Spikes	Poisons opponents when they switch into battle.
Trick Room	Slower Pokemon move first in the turn for 5 turns.
Trump Card	The lower the PP, the higher the power.
U-turn	User switches out immediately after attacking.
Vacuum Wave	User attacks first.
Wake-Up Slap	Power doubles if opponent is asleep, but wakes it up.
Wood Hammer	User receives recoil damage.
Worry Seed	Changes the opponent's Ability to Insomnia.
Wring Out	The higher the opponent's HP, the higher the damage.
X-Scissor	
Zen Headbutt	May cause flinching.
Acid Spray	Sharply lowers opponent's Special Defense.
Acrobatics	Stronger when the user does not have a held item.
After You	Gives target priority in the next turn.
Ally Switch	User switches with opposite teammate.
Autotomize	Halves weight and sharply raises Speed.
Bestow	Gives the user's held item to the target.
Blue Flare	May burn opponent.
Bolt Strike	May paralyze opponent.
Bulldoze	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Chip Away	Ignores opponent's stat changes.
Circle Throw	In battles, the opponent switches. In the wild, the Pokemon runs.
Clear Smog	Removes all of the target's stat changes.
Coil	Raises user's Attack, Defense and Accuracy.
Cotton Guard	Drastically raises user's Defense.
Dragon Tail	In battles, the opponent switches. In the wild, the Pokemon runs.
Drill Run	High critical hit ratio.
Dual Chop	Hits twice in one turn.
Echoed Voice	Power increases each turn.
Electro Ball	The faster the user, the stronger the attack.
Electroweb	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Entrainment	Makes target's ability same as user's.
Fiery Dance	May raise user's Special Attack.
Final Gambit	Inflicts damage equal to the user's remaining HP. User faints.
Fire Pledge	Added effects appear if combined with Grass Pledge or Water Pledge.
Flame Burst	May also injure nearby Pokemon.
Flame Charge	Raises user's Speed.
Foul Play	Uses the opponent's Attack stat.
Freeze Shock	Charges on first turn, attacks on second. May paralyze opponent.
Frost Breath	Always results in a critical hit.
Fusion Bolt	Power increases if Fusion Flare is used in the same turn.
Fusion Flare	Power increases if Fusion Bolt is used in the same turn.
Gear Grind	Hits twice in one turn.
Glaciate	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Grass Pledge	Added effects appear if preceded by Water Pledge or succeeded by Fire Pledge.
Guard Split	Averages Defense and Special Defense with the target.
Head Charge	User receives recoil damage.
Heal Pulse	Restores half the target's max HP.
Heart Stamp	May cause flinching.
Heat Crash	The heavier the user, the stronger the attack.
Heavy Slam	The heavier the user, the stronger the attack.
Hex	Inflicts more damage if the target has a status condition.
Hone Claws	Raises user's Attack and Accuracy.
Horn Leech	User recovers half the HP inflicted on opponent.
Hurricane	May confuse opponent.
Ice Burn	Charges on first turn, attacks on second. May burn opponent.
Icicle Crash	May cause flinching.
Incinerate	Destroys the target's held berry.
Inferno	Burns opponent.
Leaf Tornado	May lower opponent's Accuracy.
Low Sweep	Lowers opponent's Speed.
Magic Room	Suppresses the effects of held items for five turns.
Night Daze	May lower opponent's Accuracy.
Power Split	Averages Attack and Special Attack with the target.
Psyshock	Inflicts damage based on the target's Defense, not Special Defense.
Psystrike	Inflicts damage based on the target's Defense, not Special Defense.
Quash	Makes the target act last this turn.
Quick Guard	Fast moves won't damage the user or its teammates.
Quiver Dance	Raises user's Special Attack, Special Defense and Speed.
Rage Powder	Forces attacks to hit user, not team-mates.
Razor Shell	May lower opponent's Defense.
Reflect Type	User becomes the target's type.
Relic Song	May put the target to sleep.
Retaliate	Inflicts double damage if a teammate fainted on the last turn.
Round	Power increases if teammates use it in the same turn.
Sacred Sword	Ignores opponent's stat changes.
Scald	May burn opponent.
Searing Shot	May burn opponent.
Secret Sword	Inflicts damage based on the target's Defense, not Special Defense.
Shell Smash	Sharply raises user's Attack, Special Attack and Speed but lowers Defense and Special Defense.
Shift Gear	Raises user's Attack and sharply raises Speed.
Simple Beam	Changes target's ability to Simple.
Sky Drop	Takes opponent into the air on first turn, drops them on second turn.
Sludge Wave	May poison opponent.
Smack Down	Makes Flying-type Pokemon vulnerable to Ground moves.
Snarl	Lowers opponent's Special Attack.
Soak	Changes the target's type to water.
Steamroller	May cause flinching.
Stored Power	Power increases when user's stats have been raised.
Storm Throw	Always results in a critical hit.
Struggle Bug	Lowers opponent's Special Attack.
Synchronoise	Hits any Pokemon that shares a type with the user.
Tail Slap	Hits 2-5 times in one turn.
Techno Blast	Type depends on the Drive being held.
Telekinesis	Ignores opponent's Evasiveness for three turns, add Ground immunity.
V-create	Lowers user's Defense, Special Defense and Speed.
Venoshock	Inflicts double damage if the target is poisoned.
Volt Switch	User must switch out after attacking.
Water Pledge	Added effects appear if preceded by Fire Pledge or succeeded by Grass Pledge.
Wide Guard	Protects the user's team from multi-target attacks.
Wild Charge	User receives recoil damage.
Wonder Room	Swaps every Pokemon's Defense and Special Defense for 5 turns.
Work Up	Raises user's Attack and Special Attack.