Air Lock	Eliminates the effects of weather.
Arena Trap	Prevents the foe from fleeing.
Battle Armor	The Pokemon is protected against critical hits.
Blaze	Powers up Fire-type moves in a pinch.
Cacophony	Avoids sound-based moves.
Chlorophyll	Boosts the Pokemon's Speed in sunshine.
Clear Body	Prevents the Pokemon's stats from being lowered.
Cloud Nine	Eliminates the effects of weather.
Color Change	Changes the Pokemon's type to the foe's move.
Compound Eyes	The Pokemon's accuracy is boosted.
Cute Charm	Contact with the Pokemon may cause infatuation.
Damp	Prevents combatants from self destructing.
Drizzle	The Pokemon makes it rain if it appears in battle.
Drought	The Pokemon makes it sunny if it is in battle.
Early Bird	The Pokemon awakens quickly from sleep.
Effect Spore	Contact may paralyze, poison, or cause sleep.
Flame Body	Contact with the Pokemon may burn the foe.
Flash Fire	Powers up Fire-type moves if hit by a fire move.
Forecast	Transforms with the weather.
Guts	Boosts Attack if there is a status problem.
Huge Power	Raises the Pokemon's Attack stat.
Hustle	Boosts the Attack stat, but lowers accuracy.
Hyper Cutter	Prevents the Attack stat from being lowered.
Illuminate	Raises the likelihood of meeting wild Pokemon.
Immunity	Prevents the Pokemon from getting poisoned.
Inner Focus	The Pokemon is protected from flinching.
Insomnia	Prevents the Pokemon from falling asleep.
Intimidate	Lowers the foe's Attack stat.
Keen Eye	Prevents the Pokemon from losing accuracy.
Levitate	Gives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.
Lightning Rod	The Pokemon draws in all Electric-type moves to raise Sp.Atk.
Limber	The Pokemon is protected from paralysis.
Liquid Ooze	Inflicts damage on foes using any draining move.
Magma Armor	Prevents the Pokemon from becoming frozen.
Magnet Pull	Prevents Steel-type Pokemon from escaping.
Marvel Scale	Boosts Defense if there is a status problem.
Minus	Boosts Sp. Atk if another Pokemon has Plus.
Natural Cure	All status problems are healed upon switching out.
Oblivious	Prevents the Pokemon from becoming infatuated or falling for taunts*.
Overgrow	Powers up Grass-type moves in a pinch.
Own Tempo	Prevents the Pokemon from becoming confused.
Pickup	The Pokemon may pick up items.
Plus	Boosts Sp. Atk if another Pokemon has Minus.
Poison Point	Contact with the Pokemon may poison the foe.
Pressure	The Pokemon raises the foe's PP usage.
Pure Power	Boosts the power of physical attacks.
Rain Dish	The Pokemon gradually recovers HP in rain.
Rock Head	Protects the Pokemon from recoil damage.
Rough Skin	Inflicts damage to the foe on contact.
Run Away	Enables sure getaway from wild Pokemon.
Sand Stream	The Pokemon summons a sandstorm in battle.
Sand Veil	Boosts the Pokemon's evasion in a sandstorm.
Serene Grace	Boosts the likelihood of added effects appearing.
Shadow Tag	Prevents the foe from escaping.
Shed Skin	The Pokemon may heal its own status problems.
Shell Armor	The Pokemon is protected against critical hits.
Shield Dust	Blocks the added effects of attacks taken.
Soundproof	Gives full immunity to all sound-based moves.
Speed Boost	The Pokemon's Speed stat is gradually boosted.
Static	Contact with the Pokemon may cause paralysis.
Stench	The stench may cause the target to flinch.
Sticky Hold	Protects the Pokemon from item theft.
Sturdy	The Pokemon is protected against 1-hit KO attacks.
Suction Cups	Negates moves that force switching out.
Swarm	Powers up Bug-type moves in a pinch.
Swift Swim	Boosts the Pokemon's Speed in rain.
Synchronize	Passes on a burn, poison, or paralysis to the foe.
Thick Fat	Raises resistance to Fire- and Ice-type moves.
Torrent	Powers up Water-type moves in a pinch.
Trace	The Pokemon copies a foe's Ability.
Truant	The Pokemon can't attack on consecutive turns.
Vital Spirit	Prevents the Pokemon from falling asleep.
Volt Absorb	Restores HP if hit by an Electric-type move.
Water Absorb	Restores HP if hit by a Water-type move.
Water Veil	Prevents the Pokemon from getting a burn.
White Smoke	Prevents the Pokemon's stats from being lowered.
Wonder Guard	Only supereffective moves will hit.
Adaptability	Powers up moves of the same type.
Aftermath	Damages the foe landing the finishing hit.
Anger Point	Raises Attack upon taking a critical hit.
Anticipation	Senses the foe's dangerous moves.
Bad Dreams	Reduces a sleeping foe's HP.
Download	Adjusts power according to the foe's lowest defensive stat.
Dry Skin	Reduces HP if it is hot. Water restores HP.
Filter	Powers down supereffective moves.
Flower Gift	Powers up party Pokemon when it is sunny.
Forewarn	Determines what moves the foe has.
Frisk	The Pokemon can check the foe's held item.
Gluttony	Encourages the early use of a held Berry.
Heatproof	Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
Honey Gather	The Pokemon may gather Honey from somewhere.
Hydration	Heals status problems if it is raining.
Ice Body	The Pokemon regains HP in a hailstorm.
Iron Fist	Boosts the power of punching moves.
Klutz	The Pokemon can't use any held items.
Leaf Guard	Prevents status problems in sunny weather.
Magic Guard	The Pokemon only takes damage from attacks.
Mold Breaker	Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Motor Drive	Raises Speed if hit by an Electric-type move.
Multitype	Changes type to match the held Plate.
No Guard	Ensures the Pokemon and its foe's attacks land.
Normalize	All the Pokemon's moves become Normal type.
Poison Heal	Restores HP if the Pokemon is poisoned.
Quick Feet	Boosts Speed if there is a status problem.
Reckless	Powers up moves that have recoil damage.
Rivalry	Raises Attack if the foe is of the same gender.
Scrappy	Enables moves to hit Ghost-type foes.
Simple	The Pokemon is prone to wild stat changes.
Skill Link	Increases the frequency of multi-strike moves.
Slow Start	Temporarily halves Attack and Speed.
Sniper	Powers up moves if they become critical hits.
Snow Cloak	Raises evasion in a hailstorm.
Snow Warning	The Pokemon summons a hailstorm in battle.
Solar Power	Boosts Sp. Atk, but lowers HP in sunshine.
Solid Rock	Powers down supereffective moves.
Stall	The Pokemon moves after even slower foes.
Steadfast	Raises Speed each time the Pokemon flinches.
Storm Drain	The Pokemon draws in all Water-type moves.
Super Luck	Heightens the critical-hit ratios of moves.
Tangled Feet	Raises evasion if the Pokemon is confused.
Technician	Powers up the Pokemon's weaker moves.
Tinted Lens	Powers up ¡°not very effective¡± moves.
Unaware	Ignores any change in stats by the foe.
Unburden	Raises Speed if a held item is used.
Analytic	Strengthens moves when moving last.
Big Pecks	Protects the Pokemon from Defense-lowering attacks.
Contrary	Inverts stat modifiers.
Cursed Body	Has a 30% chance of Disabling any move that hits the Pokemon.
Defeatist	Halves Attack and Special Attack below 50% HP.
Defiant	Raises Attack two stages upon having any stat lowered.
Flare Boost	Increases Special Attack to 1.5¡¿ when burned.
Friend Guard	Decreases damage inflicted against ally Pokemon.
Harvest	Sometimes restores a consumed Berry.
Healer	Has a 30% chance of curing each adjacent ally of any major status ailment after each turn.
Heavy Metal	Doubles the Pokemon's weight.
Illusion	Takes the appearance of the last conscious party Pokemon upon being sent out until hit by a damaging move.
Imposter	Transforms upon entering battle.
Infiltrator	Ignores Light Screen, Reflect, and Safeguard.
Iron Barbs	Damages attacking Pokemon for 1/8 their max HP on contact.
Justified	Raises Attack when hit by Dark-type moves.
Light Metal	Halves the Pokemon's weight.
Magic Bounce	Reflects most non-damaging moves back at their user.
Moody	Raises a random stat two stages and lowers another one stage after each turn.
Moxie	Raises Attack one stage upon KOing a Pokemon.
Multiscale	Halves damage taken from full HP.
Mummy	Contact?with this Pokemon spreads this Ability.
Overcoat	Protects against damage from weather.
Pickpocket	Steals attacking Pokemon's held item on contact.
Poison Touch	Has a?30% chance of poisoning Pokemon upon contact when attacking.
Prankster	Raises non-damaging moves' priority by one stage.
Rattled	Raises Speed one stage upon being hit by a Dark, Ghost, or Bug move.
Regenerator	Heals for 1/3 max HP upon leaving battle.
Sand Force	Strengthens Rock, Ground, and Steel moves to 1.3¡¿ their power during a sandstorm.
Sand Rush	Doubles Speed during a sandstorm.
Sap Sipper	Absorbs Grass moves, raising Attack one stage.
Sheer Force	Strengthens moves with extra effects to 1.3¡¿ their power, but prevents their extra effects.
Telepathy	Protects against damaging moves from friendly Pokemon.
Teravolt	Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Toxic Boost	Increases Attack to 1.5¡¿ when poisoned.
Turboblaze	Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Unnerve	Prevents opposing Pokemon from eating held Berries.
Victory Star	Raises moves' accuracy to 1.1¡¿ for friendly Pokemon.
Weak Armor	Raises Speed and lowers Defense by one stage each upon being hit by any move.
Wonder Skin	Has a 50% chance of protecting against non-damaging moves that inflict major status ailments.
Zen Mode	Changes the Pokemon's shape when HP is halved.
