 Ability Capsule	Hold items	A capsule that allows a Pokemon with two Abilities to switch between these Abilities when it is used.
 Ability Urge	Battle items	When used, it activates the Ability of an ally Pokemon.
 Abomasite	Hold items	Enables Abomasnow to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Absolite	Hold items	Enables Absol to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Absorb Bulb	Hold items	A consumable bulb. If the holder is hit by a Water-type move, its Sp. Atk will rise.
 Adamant Orb	Hold items	Increases the power of Dragon-? and Steel-type moves when held by Dialga.
 Adventure Rules	General items	This book contains all the points a new Trainer needs to know on a journey. It was handmade by a kind friend.
 Aerodactylite	Hold items	Enables Aerodactyl to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Aggronite	Hold items	Enables Aggron to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Aguav Berry	Berries	Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
 Air Balloon	Hold items	When held by a Pokemon, the Pokemon will float into the air. When the holder is attacked, this item will burst.
 Alakazite	Hold items	Enables Alakazam to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Ampharosite	Hold items	Enables Ampharos to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Amulet Coin	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It doubles a battle¡¯s prize money if the holding Pokemon joins in.
 Antidote	Medicine	A spray-type medicine. It lifts the effect of poison from one Pokemon.
 Apicot Berry	Berries	Raises Special Defense when HP is low.
 Armor Fossil	General items	A fossil from a prehistoric Pokemon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a collar.
 Aspear Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it defrosts it.
 Awakening	Medicine	A spray-type medicine. It awakens a Pokemon from the clutches of sleep.
 Babiri Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Steel-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 BalmMushroom	General items	A rare mushroom which gives off a nice fragrance. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Banettite	Hold items	Enables Banette to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Belue Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Berry Juice	Medicine	A 100% pure juice made of Berries. It restores the HP of one Pokemon by just 20 points.
 Big Mushroom	General items	A large and rare mushroom. It is sought after by collectors.
 Big Nugget	General items	A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Big Pearl	General items	A quite-large pearl that sparkles in a pretty silver color. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
 Big Root	Hold items	Recovers more HP from HP-stealing moves.
 Binding Band	Hold items	A band that increases the power of binding moves when held.
 Black Belt	Hold items	Increases the power of Fighting-type moves.
 Black Flute	General items	A toy flute made from black glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Black Sludge	Hold items	A held item that gradually restores the HP of Poison-type Pokemon. It inflicts damage on all other types.
 BlackGlasses	Hold items	Increases the power of Dark-type moves.
 Blastoisinite	Hold items	Enables Blastoise to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Blazikenite	Hold items	Enables Blaziken to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Blk Apricorn	General items	A black Apricorn It has an indescribable scent.
 Blu Apricorn	General items	A blue Apricorn. It smells a bit like grass.
 Blue Flute	General items	A toy flute made from blue glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Blue Scarf	General items	Raises holder's Beauty aspect in a Contest.
 Blue Shard	General items	A small blue shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
 Bluk Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 BrightPowder	Hold items	Lowers the opponent¡¯s accuracy.
 Bug Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Bug-type move only once.
 Burn Drive	Hold items	Changes Techno Blast to a Fire-type move when held by Genesect.
 Burn Heal	Medicine	A spray-type medicine. It heals a single Pokemon that is suffering from a burn.
 Calcium	Medicine	A nutritious drink for Pokemon. It raises the base Sp. Atk (Special Attack) stat of a single Pokemon.
 Carbos	Medicine	A nutritious drink for Pokemon. It raises the base Speed stat of a single Pokemon.
 Casteliacone	Medicine	Castelia City¡¯s specialty, soft-serve ice cream. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokemon.
 Cell Battery	Hold items	A consumable battery. If the holder is hit by an Electric-type move, its Attack will rise.
 Charcoal	Hold items	Increases the power of Fire-type moves.
 Charizardite X	Hold items	Enables Charizard to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Charizardite Y	Hold items	Enables Charizard to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Charti Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Rock-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Cheri Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it recovers from paralysis.
 Cherish Ball	Pokeballs	A quite rare Poke Ball that has been specially crafted to commemorate an occasion of some sort.
 Chesto Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it recovers from sleep.
 Chilan Berry	Berries	Weakens a Normal-type attack against the Pokemon holding this berry.
 Chill Drive	Hold items	Changes Techno Blast to an Ice-type move when held by Genesect.
 Choice Band	Hold items	Raises Attack, but only one move can be used.
 Choice Scarf	Hold items	Raises Speed, but only one move can be used.
 Choice Specs	Hold items	Raises Special Attack, but only one move can be used.
 Chople Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Fighting-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Claw Fossil	General items	A fossil of an ancient Pokemon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a claw.
 Cleanse Tag	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It helps keep wild Pokemon away if the holder is the first one in the party.
 Clever Wing	Medicine	Increases Special Defense EVs by 1.
 Coba Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Flying-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Colbur Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Dark-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Colress Machine	Hold items	A special device that wrings out the potential of Pokemon. It is an imperfect prototype.
 Comet Shard	General items	A shard which fell to the ground when a comet approached. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Cornn Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Cover Fossil	General items	A fossil of an ancient Pokemon that lived in the sea in ancient times. It appears to be part of its back.
 Custap Berry	Berries	Holder can move first when HP is low.
 Damp Mulch	General items	A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Damp Rock	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that extends the duration of the move Rain Dance used by the holder.
 Dark Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Dark-type move only once.
 Dawn Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokemon evolve. It sparkles like eyes.
 DeepSeaScale	Hold items	Increases Special Defense when held by Clamperl.
 DeepSeaTooth	Hold items	Increases Special Attack when held by Clamperl.
 Destiny Knot	Hold items	A long, thin, bright-red string to be held by a Pokemon. If the holder becomes infatuated, the foe does too.
 Dire Hit	Battle items	Raises critical-hit ratio of a Pokemon in battle.
 Dire Hit 2	Battle items	It can be used many times to raise the critical-hit ratio of one Pokemon. It wears off if the Pokemon is withdrawn.
 Dire Hit 3	Battle items	It can be used many times to greatly raise a Pokemon¡¯s critical-hit ratio. It wears off if the Pokemon is withdrawn.
 Dive Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different Poke Ball that works especially well on Pokemon that live underwater.
 DNA Splicers	General items	A splicer that fuses Kyurem and a certain Pokemon. They are said to have been one in the beginning.
 Dome Fossil	General items	A fossil of an ancient Pokemon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a shell.
 Douse Drive	Hold items	Changes Techno Blast to a Water-type move when held by Genesect.
 Draco Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Dragon-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Dragon.
 Dragon Fang	Hold items	Increases the power of Dragon-type moves.
 Dragon Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Dragon-type move only once.
 Dragon Scale	General items	A thick and tough scale. Dragon-type Pokemon may be holding this item when caught.
 Dread Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Dark-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Dark.
 Dream Ball	Pokeballs	A special Poke Ball that appears out of nowhere in a bag at the Entree Forest. It can catch any Pokemon.
 Dropped Item	Hold items	The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a boy.
 Dubious Disc	General items	A transparent device overflowing with dubious data. Its producer is unknown.
 Durin Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Dusk Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokemon at night or in dark places like caves.
 Dusk Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokemon evolve. It is as dark as dark can be.
 Earth Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Ground-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Ground.
 Eject Button	Hold items	If the holder is hit by an attack, it will switch with another Pokemon in your party.
 Electirizer	General items	A box packed with a tremendous amount of electric energy. It is loved by a certain Pokemon.
 Electric Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of an Electric-type move only once.
 Elevator Key	Hold items	A card key that activates the elevator in Lysandre Labs. It is emblazoned with Team Flare¡¯s logo.
 Elixir	Medicine	It restores the PP of all the moves learned by the targeted Pokemon by 10 points each.
 Energy Root	Medicine	A very bitter root. It restores the HP of one POKeMON by 200 points.
 EnergyPowder	Medicine	A very bitter medicine powder. It restores the HP of one POKeMON by 50 points.
 Enigma Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it restores its HP if it is hit by any supereffective attack.
 Escape Rope	General items	A long, durable rope. Use it to escape instantly from a cave or a dungeon.
 Ether	Medicine	It restores the PP of a Pokemon¡¯s selected move by a maximum of 10 points.
 Everstone	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. The Pokemon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
 Eviolite	Hold items	A mysterious evolutionary lump. When held, it raises the Defense and Sp. Def of a Pokemon that can still evolve.
 Exp. Share	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. The holder gets a share of a battle¡¯s Exp. Points without battling.
 Expert Belt	Hold items	Increases the power of super-effective moves.
 Fairy Gem	General items	Increases the power of a Fairy-type move only once.
 Fast Ball	Pokeballs	A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokemon which are quick to run away.
 Fighting Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Fighting-type move only once.
 Figy Berry	Berries	Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
 Fire Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Fire-type move only once.
 Fire Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKeMON evolve. It is colored orange.
 Fist Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Fighting-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Fighting.
 Flame Orb	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is a bizarre orb that inflicts a burn on the holder in battle.
 Flame Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Fire-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Fire.
 Float Stone	Hold items	A very light stone. It reduces the weight of a Pokemon when held.
 Fluffy Tail	General items	An item that attracts Pokemon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokemon.
 Flying Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Flying-type move only once.
 Focus Band	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. The holder may endure a potential KO attack, leaving it with just 1 HP.
 Focus Sash	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. If it has full HP, the holder will endure one potential KO attack, leaving 1 HP.
 Fresh Water	Medicine	Water with a high mineral content. It restores the HP of one POKeMON by 50 points.
 Friend Ball	Pokeballs	A Poke Ball that makes caught Pokemon more friendly.
 Full Heal	Medicine	A spray-type medicine. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokemon.
 Full Incense	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is an exotic-smelling incense that makes the holder bloated and slow moving.
 Full Restore	Medicine	A medicine that fully restores the HP and heals any status problems of a single Pokemon.
 Ganlon Berry	Berries	Raises Defense when HP is low.
 Garchompite	Hold items	Enables Garchomp to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Gardevoirite	Hold items	Enables Gardevoir to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Gengarite	Hold items	Enables Gengar to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Genius Wing	Medicine	Increases Special Attack EVs by 1.
 Ghost Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Ghost-type move only once.
 Gooey Mulch	General items	A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Grass Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Grass-type move only once.
 Great Ball	Pokeballs	A good, high-performance Ball that provides a higher Pokemon catch rate than a standard Poke Ball.
 Green Scarf	General items	Raises holder's Smart aspect in a Contest.
 Green Shard	General items	A small green shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
 Grepa Berry	Berries	Using it on a Pokemon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Sp. Def stat.
 Grip Claw	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that extends the duration of multiturn attacks like Bind and Wrap.
 Griseous Orb	Hold items	Increases the power of Dragon- and Ghost-type moves when held by Giratina, and changes it to Origin Forme.
 Grn Apricorn	General items	A green Apricorn. It has a mysterious, aromatic scent.
 Ground Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Ground-type move only once.
 Growth Mulch	General items	A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Grubby Hanky	Hold items	A handkerchief dropped by a regular at Cafe Warehouse. It smells faintly like a Pokemon.
 Guard Spec.	Battle items	Prevents stat reduction for five turns.
 Gyaradosite	Hold items	Enables Gyarados to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Haban Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Dragon-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Hard Stone	Hold items	Increases the power of Rock-type moves.
 Heal Ball	Pokeballs	A remedial Poke Ball that restores the caught Pokemon¡¯s HP and eliminates any status problem.
 Heal Powder	Medicine	A very bitter medicine powder. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokemon.
 Health Wing	Medicine	Increases HP EVs by 1.
 Heart Scale	General items	A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare. It glows faintly in the colors of the rainbow.
 Heat Rock	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that extends the duration of the move Sunny Day used by the holder.
 Heavy Ball	Pokeballs	A Poke Ball for catching very heavy Pokemon.
 Helix Fossil	General items	A fossil of an ancient Pokemon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a seashell.
 Heracronite	Hold items	Enables Heracross to Mega Evolve during battle.
 HM01	Machines	Teaches the move Cut.
 HM02	Machines	Teaches the move Fly.
 HM03	Machines	Teaches the move Surf.
 HM04	Machines	Teaches the move Strength.
 HM05	Machines	Teaches the move Flash/Defog/Whirlpool/Waterfall.
 HM06	Machines	Teaches the move Whirlpool/Rock Smash/Dive.
 HM07	Machines	Teaches the move Waterfall.
 HM08	Machines	Teaches the move Dive/Rock Climb.
 Holo Caster	General items	A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It is also used to chat with others.
 Hondew Berry	Berries	Using it on a Pokemon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Sp. Atk stat.
 Honey	General items	A sweet honey with a lush aroma that attracts wild Pokemon when it is used in grass, caves, or on special trees.
 Honor Of Kalos	Hold items	A precious symbol that is awarded only to an individual who has done great things for the Kalos region.
 Houndoominite	Hold items	Enables Houndoom to Mega Evolve during battle.
 HP Up	Medicine	A nutritious drink for Pokemon. It raises the base HP of a single Pokemon.
 Hyper Potion	Medicine	A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokemon by 200 points.
 Iapapa Berry	Berries	Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
 Ice Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of an Ice-type move only once.
 Ice Heal	Medicine	A spray-type medicine. It defrosts a Pokemon that has been frozen solid.
 Icicle Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Ice-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Ice.
 Icy Rock	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that extends the duration of the move Hail used by the holder.
 Insect Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Bug-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Bug.
 Intriguing Stone	Hold items	A rather curious stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It¡¯s all in the eye of the beholder.
 Iron	Medicine	A nutritious drink for Pokemon. It raises the base Defense stat of a single Pokemon.
 Iron Ball	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that cuts Speed. It makes Flying-type and levitating holders susceptible to Ground moves.
 Iron Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Steel-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Steel.
 Item Drop	Battle items	When used, it causes an ally Pokemon to drop a held item.
 Item Urge	Battle items	When used, it causes an ally Pokemon to use its held item.
 Jaboca Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon and a physical attack lands, the attacker also takes damage.
 Kangaskhanite	Hold items	Enables Kangaskhan to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Kasib Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Ghost-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Kebia Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Poison-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Kelpsy Berry	Berries	Using it on a Pokemon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Attack stat.
 King's Rock	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. When the holder inflicts damage, the target may flinch.
 Lagging Tail	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is tremendously heavy and makes the holder move slower than usual.
 Lansat Berry	Berries	Increases critical-hit ratio when HP is low.
 Lava Cookie	Medicine	LAVARIDGE TOWN¡¯s local specialty. It heals all the status problems of one POKeMON.
 Lax Incense	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. The tricky aroma of this incense may make attacks miss the holder.
 Leaf Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKeMON evolve. It has a leaf pattern.
 Leftovers	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. The holder¡¯s HP is gradually restored during battle.
 Lemonade	Medicine	A very sweet drink. It restores the HP of one POKeMON by 80 points.
 Lens Case	General items	A rather chic-looking case for carrying contact lenses.
 Leppa Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it restores a move¡¯s PP by 10.
 Level Ball	Pokeballs	A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that are a lower level than your own.
 Liechi Berry	Berries	Raises Attack when HP is low.
 Life Orb	Hold items	Increases the power of moves, but loses HP each turn.
 Light Ball	Hold items	An item to be held by PIKACHU. It is a puzzling orb that raises the Attack and Sp. Atk stat.
 Light Clay	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that extends the duration of barrier moves like Light Screen and Reflect used by the holder.
 Looker Ticket	Hold items	A ticket that was handmade by Looker. It¡¯s decorated with a liberal amount of glittery paint.
 Love Ball	Pokeballs	Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that are the opposite gender of your Pokemon.
 Lucarionite	Hold items	Enables Lucario to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Luck Incense	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It doubles a battle¡¯s prize money if the holding Pokemon joins in.
 Lucky Egg	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is an egg filled with happiness that earns extra Exp. Points in battle.
 Lucky Punch	Hold items	Increases critical-hit ratio when held by Chansey.
 Lum Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it recovers from any status problem.
 Lure Ball	Pokeballs	A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon hooked by a Rod when fishing.
 Lustrous Orb	Hold items	Increases the power of Dragon-? and Water-type moves when held by Palkia.
 Luxury Ball	Pokeballs	A comfortable Poke Ball that makes a caught wild Pokemon quickly grow friendly.
 Macho Brace	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is a stiff and heavy brace that promotes strong growth but lowers Speed.
 Magmarizer	General items	A box packed with a tremendous amount of magma energy. It is loved by a certain Pokemon.
 Magnet	Hold items	Increases the power of Electric-type moves.
 Mago Berry	Berries	Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
 Magost Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Manectite	Hold items	Enables Manectric to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Master Ball	Pokeballs	The best Ball with the ultimate level of performance. It will catch any wild Pokemon without fail.
 Mawilite	Hold items	Enables Mawile to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Max Elixir	Medicine	It fully restores the PP of all the moves learned by the targeted Pokemon.
 Max Ether	Medicine	It fully restores the PP of a single selected move that has been learned by the target Pokemon.
 Max Potion	Medicine	A spray-type medicine for wounds. It completely restores the HP of a single Pokemon.
 Max Repel	General items	An item that prevents weak wild Pokemon from appearing for 250 steps after its use.
 Max Revive	Medicine	A medicine that revives a fainted Pokemon. It fully restores the Pokemon¡¯s HP.
 Meadow Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Grass-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Grass.
 Medal Box	General items	A box-shaped machine that stores Medals and Medal information.
 Medichamite	Hold items	Enables Medicham to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Mental Herb	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It snaps the holder out of infatuation. It can be used only once.
 Metal Coat	Hold items	Increases the power of Steel-type moves.
 Metal Powder	Hold items	Increases Defense when held by Ditto.
 Metronome	Hold items	Increases the power of moves used consecutively.
 Mewtwonite X	Hold items	Enables Mewtwo to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Mewtwonite Y	Hold items	Enables Mewtwo to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Micle Berry	Berries	Increases a move's accuracy when HP is low.
 Mind Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Psychic-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Psychic.
 Miracle Seed	Hold items	Increases the power of Grass-type moves.
 Moomoo Milk	Medicine	Milk with a very high nutrition content. It restores the HP of one Pokemon by 100 points.
 Moon Ball	Pokeballs	A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that evolve using the Moon Stone.
 Moon Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKeMON evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
 Muscle Band	Hold items	Increases the power of Physical-category moves.
 Muscle Wing	Medicine	Increases Attack EVs by 1.
 Mystic Water	Hold items	Increases the power of Water-type moves.
 Nanab Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Nest Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different Poke Ball that works especially well on weaker Pokemon in the wild.
 Net Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different Poke Ball that works especially well on Water- and Bug-type Pokemon.
 NeverMeltIce	Hold items	Increases the power of Ice-type moves.
 Nomel Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Normal Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Normal-type move only once.
 Nugget	General items	A nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
 Occa Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Fire-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Odd Incense	Hold items	Increases the power of Psychic-type moves.
 Odd Keystone	General items	A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
 Old Amber	General items	A piece of amber that contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokemon. It is clear with a reddish tint.
 Old Gateau	Medicine	Old Chateau¡¯s hidden specialty. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokemon.
 Oran Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it heals the user by just 10 HP.
 Oval Charm	General items	An oval charm said to increase the chance of Pokemon Eggs being found at the Day Care.
 Oval Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokemon evolve. It is shaped like an egg.
 Pamtre Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Park Ball	Pokeballs	A special Poke Ball for the Pal Park.
 Parlyz Heal	Medicine	A spray-type medicine. It eliminates paralysis from a single Pokemon.
 Pass Orb	Hold items	A mysterious orb containing the power of the Unova region, to be used when generating Pass Power.
 Passho Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Water-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Payapa Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Psychic-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Pearl	General items	A somewhat-small pearl that sparkles in a pretty silver color. It can be sold cheaply to shops.
 Pearl String	General items	Very large pearls that sparkle in a pretty silver color. A maniac will buy them for a high price.
 Pecha Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it recovers from poison.
 Permit	General items	A permit that is needed to enter the Nature Preserve. Not many know about it.
 Persim Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it recovers from confusion.
 Petaya Berry	Berries	Raises Special Attack when HP is low.
 Pinap Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Pink Scarf	General items	Raises holder's Cute aspect in a Contest.
 Pinsirite	Hold items	Enables Pinsir to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Pixie Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Fairy-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Fairy.
 Plasma Card	Hold items	A card key needed to enter the password inside the Plasma Frigate.
 Plume Fossil	General items	A fossil of an ancient Pokemon that flew in the sky in ancient times. It appears to be part of its wing.
 Pnk Apricorn	General items	A pink Apricorn. It has a nice, sweet scent.
 Poison Barb	Hold items	Increases the power of Poison-type moves.
 Poison Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Poison-type move only once.
 Poke Ball	Pokeballs	A device for catching wild Pokemon. It is thrown like a ball at the target. It is designed as a capsule system.
 Poke Doll	General items	A doll that attracts Pokemon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokemon.
 Poke Toy	General items	An item that attracts Pokemon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokemon.
 Pomeg Berry	Berries	Using it on a Pokemon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base HP.
 Potion	Medicine	A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokemon by just 20 points.
 Power Anklet	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that promotes Speed gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
 Power Band	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that promotes Sp. Def gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
 Power Belt	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that promotes Defense gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
 Power Bracer	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that promotes Attack gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
 Power Herb	Hold items	A single-use item to be held by a Pokemon. It allows the immediate use of a move that charges on the first turn.
 Power Lens	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that promotes Sp. Atk gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
 Power Plant Pass	Hold items	This pass serves as an ID card for gaining access to the power plant that lies along Route 13.
 Power Weight	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that promotes HP gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
 PP Max	Medicine	It maximally raises the top PP of a selected move that has been learned by the target Pokemon.
 PP Up	Medicine	It slightly raises the maximum PP of a selected move that has been learned by the target Pokemon.
 Premier Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat rare Poke Ball that has been specially made to commemorate an event of some sort.
 Pretty Wing	General items	Though this feather is beautiful, it¡¯s just a regular feather and has no effect on Pokemon.
 Prism Scale	General items	A mysterious scale that evolves certain Pokemon. It shines in rainbow colors.
 Prof's Letter	Hold items	A letter that Professor Sycamore wrote to your mother. A faint but pleasant perfume seems to cling to the paper.
 Protector	General items	A protective item of some sort. It is extremely stiff and heavy. It is loved by a certain Pokemon.
 Protein	Medicine	A nutritious drink for Pokemon. It raises the base Attack stat of a single Pokemon.
 Psychic Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Psychic-type move only once.
 Pure Incense	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It helps keep wild Pokemon away if the holder is the first one in the party.
 Qualot Berry	Berries	Using it on a Pokemon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Defense stat.
 Quick Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different Poke Ball that provides a better catch rate if it is used at the start of a wild encounter.
 Quick Claw	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. A light, sharp claw that lets the bearer move first occasionally.
 Quick Powder	Hold items	Increases Speed when held by Ditto.
 Rabuta Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Rare Bone	General items	A bone that is extremely valuable for Pokemon archeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
 Rare Candy	Medicine	A candy that is packed with energy. It raises the level of a single Pokemon by one.
 Rawst Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it recovers from a burn.
 Razor Claw	Hold items	Increases critical-hit ratio.
 Razor Fang	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It may make foes and allies flinch when the holder inflicts damage.
 Razz Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Reaper Cloth	General items	A cloth imbued with horrifyingly strong spiritual energy. It is loved by a certain Pokemon.
 Red Apricorn	General items	A red Apricorn. It assails your nostrils.
 Red Card	Hold items	A card with a mysterious power. When the holder is struck by a foe, the attacker is removed from battle.
 Red Flute	General items	A toy flute made from red glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Red Scarf	General items	Raises holder's Cool aspect in a Contest.
 Red Shard	General items	A small red shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
 Relic Band	General items	A bracelet made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Relic Copper	General items	A copper coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Relic Crown	General items	A crown made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Relic Gold	General items	A gold coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Relic Silver	General items	A silver coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Relic Statue	General items	A stone figure made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Relic Vase	General items	A vase made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Repeat Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different Poke Ball that works especially well on Pokemon species that were previously caught.
 Repel	General items	An item that prevents weak wild Pokemon from appearing for 100 steps after its use.
 Reset Urge	Battle items	When used, it restores any stat changes of an ally Pokemon.
 Resist Wing	Medicine	Increases Defense EVs by 1.
 Reveal Glass	General items	A looking glass that reveals the truth. It¡¯s a mysterious glass that returns a Pokemon to its original shape.
 Revival Herb	Medicine	A very bitter medicinal herb. It revives a fainted Pokemon, fully restoring its HP.
 Revive	Medicine	A medicine that revives a fainted Pokemon. It restores half the Pokemon's maximum HP.
 Rindo Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Grass-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Ring Target	Hold items	Moves that would otherwise have no effect will land on the Pokemon that holds it.
 Rock Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Rock-type move only once.
 Rock Incense	Hold items	Increases the power of Rock-type moves.
 Rocky Helmet	Hold items	If the holder of this item takes damage, the attacker will also be damaged upon contact.
 Roller Skates	General items	Attaches roller skates to the bottom of your shoes, allowing you to glide quickly around and perform tricks.
 Root Fossil	General items	A fossil of an ancient Pokemon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a plant root.
 Rose Incense	Hold items	Increases the power of Grass-type moves.
 Rowap Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon and a special attack lands, the attacker also takes damage.
 Sacred Ash	Medicine	It revives all fainted Pokemon. In doing so, it also fully restores their HP.
 Safari Ball	Pokeballs	A special Poke Ball that is used only in the Great Marsh. It is decorated in a camouflage pattern.
 Salac Berry	Berries	Raises Speed when HP is low.
 Scizorite	Hold items	Enables Scizor to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Scope Lens	Hold items	Increases critical-hit ratio.
 Sea Incense	Hold items	Increases the power of Water-type moves.
 Sharp Beak	Hold items	Increases the power of Flying-type moves.
 Shed Shell	Hold items	A tough, discarded carapace to be held by a Pokemon. It enables the holder to switch with a waiting Pokemon in battle.
 Shell Bell	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. The holder¡¯s HP is restored a little every time it inflicts damage.
 Shiny Charm	General items	A shiny charm said to increase the chance of finding a Shiny Pokemon in the wild.
 Shiny Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokemon evolve. It shines with a dazzling light.
 Shoal Salt	General items	Pure salt that can be discovered deep inside the Shoal Cave. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Shoal Shell	General items	A pretty seashell that can be found deep inside the Shoal Cave. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Shock Drive	Hold items	Changes Techno Blast to an Electric-type move when held by Genesect.
 Shuca Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Ground-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Silk Scarf	Hold items	Increases the power of Normal-type moves.
 SilverPowder	Hold items	Increases the power of Bug-type moves.
 Sitrus Berry	Berries	If held by a Pokemon, it heals the user¡¯s HP a little.
 Skull Fossil	General items	A fossil from a prehistoric Pokemon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a head.
 Sky Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Flying-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Flying.
 Smoke Ball	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It enables the holder to flee from any wild Pokemon without fail.
 Smooth Rock	Hold items	A Pokemon held item that extends the duration of the move Sandstorm used by the holder.
 Soda Pop	Medicine	A fizzy soda drink. It restores the HP of one POKeMON by 60 points.
 Soft Sand	Hold items	Increases the power of Ground-type moves.
 Soothe Bell	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is a bell with a comforting chime that calms the holder and makes it friendly.
 Soul Dew	Hold items	Increases both Special Attack and Special Defense when held by Latios or Latias.
 Spell Tag	Hold items	Increases the power of Ghost-type moves.
 Spelon Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Splash Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Water-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Water.
 Spooky Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Ghost-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Ghost.
 Sport Ball	Pokeballs	A special Poke Ball for the Bug-Catching Contest.
 Sprinklotad	General items	A watering can shaped like a Lotad. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
 Stable Mulch	General items	A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Star Piece	General items	A shard of a pretty gem that sparkles in a red color. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
 Stardust	General items	Lovely, red-colored sand with a loose, silky feel. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
 Starf Berry	Berries	Sharply raises a random stat when HP is low.
 Steel Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Steel-type move only once.
 Stick	Hold items	Increases critical-hit ratio when held by Farfetch'd.
 Sticky Barb	Hold items	A held item that damages the holder on every turn. It may latch on to foes and allies that touch the holder.
 Stone Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Rock-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Rock.
 Sun Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKeMON evolve. It is as red as the sun.
 Super Potion	Medicine	A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokemon by 50 points.
 Super Repel	General items	An item that prevents weak wild Pokemon from appearing for 200 steps after its use.
 Sweet Heart	Medicine	Very sweet chocolate. It restores the HP of one Pokemon by only 20 points.
 Swift Wing	Medicine	Increases Speed EVs by 1.
 Tamato Berry	Berries	Using it on a Pokemon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Speed stat.
 Tanga Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Bug-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Thick Club	Hold items	Increases Attack when held by Cubone or Marowak.
 Thunderstone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKeMON evolve. It has a thunderbolt pattern.
 Timer Ball	Pokeballs	A somewhat different BALL that becomes progressively better the more turns there are in a battle.
 TinyMushroom	General items	A small and rare mushroom. It is sought after by collectors.
 TM01	Machines	Teaches the move Mega Punch/DynamicPunch/Focus Punch/Hone Claws.
 TM02	Machines	Teaches the move Razor Wind/Headbutt/Dragon Claw.
 TM03	Machines	Teaches the move Swords Dance/Curse/Water Pulse/Psyshock.
 TM04	Machines	Teaches the move Whirlwind/Rollout/Calm Mind.
 TM05	Machines	Teaches the move Mega Kick/Roar.
 TM06	Machines	Teaches the move Toxic.
 TM07	Machines	Teaches the move Horn Drill/Zap Cannon/Hail.
 TM08	Machines	Teaches the move Body Slam/Rock Smash/Bulk Up.
 TM09	Machines	Teaches the move Take Down/Psych Up/Bullet Seed/Venoshock.
 TM10	Machines	Teaches the move Double-Edge/Hidden Power.
 TM100	Machines	Teaches the move Confide.
 TM11	Machines	Teaches the move BubbleBeam/Sunny Day.
 TM12	Machines	Teaches the move Water Gun/Sweet Scent/Taunt.
 TM13	Machines	Teaches the move Snore/Ice Beam.
 TM14	Machines	Teaches the move Blizzard.
 TM15	Machines	Teaches the move Hyper Beam.
 TM16	Machines	Teaches the move Pay Day/Icy Wind/Light Screen.
 TM17	Machines	Teaches the move Submission/Protect.
 TM18	Machines	Teaches the move Counter/Rain Dance.
 TM19	Machines	Teaches the move Seismic Toss/Giga Drain/Telekinesis/Roost.
 TM20	Machines	Teaches the move Rage/Endure/Safeguard.
 TM21	Machines	Teaches the move Mega Drain/Frustration.
 TM22	Machines	Teaches the move SolarBeam.
 TM23	Machines	Teaches the move Dragon Rage/Iron Tail/Smack Down.
 TM24	Machines	Teaches the move Thunderbolt/DragonBreath.
 TM25	Machines	Teaches the move Thunder.
 TM26	Machines	Teaches the move Earthquake.
 TM27	Machines	Teaches the move Fissure/Return.
 TM28	Machines	Teaches the move Dig.
 TM29	Machines	Teaches the move Psychic.
 TM30	Machines	Teaches the move Teleport/Shadow Ball.
 TM31	Machines	Teaches the move Mimic/Mud-Slap/Brick Break.
 TM32	Machines	Teaches the move Double Team.
 TM33	Machines	Teaches the move Ice Punch/Reflect.
 TM34	Machines	Teaches the move Bide/Swagger/Shock Wave/Sludge Wave.
 TM35	Machines	Teaches the move Metronome/Sleep Talk/Flamethrower.
 TM36	Machines	Teaches the move Selfdestruct/Sludge Bomb.
 TM37	Machines	Teaches the move Egg Bomb/Sandstorm.
 TM38	Machines	Teaches the move Fire Blast.
 TM39	Machines	Teaches the move Swift/Rock Tomb.
 TM40	Machines	Teaches the move Skull Bash/Defense Curl/Aerial Ace.
 TM41	Machines	Teaches the move Softboiled/ThunderPunch/Torment.
 TM42	Machines	Teaches the move Dream Eater/Facade.
 TM43	Machines	Teaches the move Sky Attack/Detect/Secret Power/Flame Charge.
 TM44	Machines	Teaches the move Rest.
 TM45	Machines	Teaches the move Thunder Wave/Attract.
 TM46	Machines	Teaches the move Psywave/Thief.
 TM47	Machines	Teaches the move Explosion/Steel Wing/Low Sweep.
 TM48	Machines	Teaches the move Rock Slide/Fire Punch/Skill Swap/Round.
 TM49	Machines	Teaches the move Tri Attack/Fury Cutter/Snatch/Echoed Voice.
 TM50	Machines	Teaches the move Substitute/Nightmare/Overheat.
 TM51	Machines	Teaches the move Roost/Ally Switch/Steel Wing.
 TM52	Machines	Teaches the move Focus Blast.
 TM53	Machines	Teaches the move Energy Ball.
 TM54	Machines	Teaches the move False Swipe.
 TM55	Machines	Teaches the move Brine/Scald.
 TM56	Machines	Teaches the move Fling.
 TM57	Machines	Teaches the move Charge Beam.
 TM58	Machines	Teaches the move Endure/Sky Drop.
 TM59	Machines	Teaches the move Dragon Pulse/Incinerate.
 TM60	Machines	Teaches the move Drain Punch/Quash.
 TM61	Machines	Teaches the move Will-O-Wisp.
 TM62	Machines	Teaches the move Silver Wind/Acrobatics.
 TM63	Machines	Teaches the move Embargo.
 TM64	Machines	Teaches the move Explosion.
 TM65	Machines	Teaches the move Shadow Claw.
 TM66	Machines	Teaches the move Payback.
 TM67	Machines	Teaches the move Recycle/Retaliate.
 TM68	Machines	Teaches the move Giga Impact.
 TM69	Machines	Teaches the move Rock Polish.
 TM70	Machines	Teaches the move Flash.
 TM71	Machines	Teaches the move Stone Edge.
 TM72	Machines	Teaches the move Avalanche/Volt Switch.
 TM73	Machines	Teaches the move Thunder Wave.
 TM74	Machines	Teaches the move Gyro Ball.
 TM75	Machines	Teaches the move Swords Dance.
 TM76	Machines	Teaches the move Stealth Rock/Struggle Bug.
 TM77	Machines	Teaches the move Psych Up.
 TM78	Machines	Teaches the move Captivate/Bulldoze.
 TM79	Machines	Teaches the move Dark Pulse/Frost Breath.
 TM80	Machines	Teaches the move Rock Slide.
 TM81	Machines	Teaches the move X-Scissor.
 TM82	Machines	Teaches the move Sleep Talk/Dragon Tail.
 TM83	Machines	Teaches the move Natural Gift/Work Up/Infestation.
 TM84	Machines	Teaches the move Poison Jab.
 TM85	Machines	Teaches the move Dream Eater.
 TM86	Machines	Teaches the move Grass Knot.
 TM87	Machines	Teaches the move Swagger.
 TM88	Machines	Teaches the move Pluck/Sleep Talk.
 TM89	Machines	Teaches the move U-turn.
 TM90	Machines	Teaches the move Substitute.
 TM91	Machines	Teaches the move Flash Cannon.
 TM92	Machines	Teaches the move Trick Room.
 TM93	Machines	Teaches the move Wild Charge.
 TM94	Machines	Teaches the move Rock Smash.
 TM95	Machines	Teaches the move Snarl.
 TM96	Machines	Teaches the move Nature Power.
 TM97	Machines	Teaches the move Dark Pulse.
 TM98	Machines	Teaches the move Power-Up Punch.
 TM99	Machines	Teaches the move Dazzling Gleam.
 TMV Pass	General items	A commuter pass that allows the holder to ride the TMV between Lumiose City and Kiloude City at any time.
 Toxic Orb	Hold items	An item to be held by a Pokemon. It is a bizarre orb that badly poisons the holder in battle.
 Toxic Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Poison-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Poison.
 TwistedSpoon	Hold items	Increases the power of Psychic-type moves.
 Tyranitarite	Hold items	Enables Tyranitar to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Ultra Ball	Pokeballs	An ultra-performance Ball that provides a higher Pokemon catch rate than a Great Ball.
 Up-Grade	General items	A transparent device filled with all sorts of data. It was produced by Silph Co.
 Venusaurite	Hold items	Enables Venusaur to Mega Evolve during battle.
 Wacan Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Electric-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Water Gem	Hold items	Increases the power of a Water-type move only once.
 Water Stone	General items	A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokemon evolve. It is a clear, light blue.
 Watmel Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Wave Incense	Hold items	Increases the power of Water-type moves.
 Wepear Berry	Berries	A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 White Flute	General items	A toy flute made from white glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 White Herb	Hold items	An item to be held by a POKeMON. It restores any lowered stat in battle. It can be used only once.
 Wht Apricorn	General items	A white Apricorn. It doesn¡¯t smell like anything.
 Wide Lens	Hold items	Increases the accuracy of moves.
 Wiki Berry	Berries	Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
 Wise Glasses	Hold items	Increases the power of Special-category moves.
 X Accuracy	Battle items	Raises Accuracy of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Accuracy 2	Battle items	Sharply raises Accuracy of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Accuracy 3	Battle items	Drastically raises Accuracy of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Accuracy 6	Battle items	Immensely raises Accuracy of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Attack	Battle items	Raises Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Attack 2	Battle items	Sharply raises Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Attack 3	Battle items	Drastically raises Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Attack 6	Battle items	Immensely raises Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Defend	Battle items	Raises Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Defend 2	Battle items	Sharply raises Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Defend 3	Battle items	Drastically raises Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Defend 6	Battle items	Immensely raises Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Sp. Def	Battle items	Raises Special Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Sp. Def 2	Battle items	Sharply raises Special Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Sp. Def 3	Battle items	Drastically raises Special Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Sp. Def 6	Battle items	Immensely raises Special Defense of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Special	Battle items	Raises Special Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Special 2	Battle items	Sharply raises Special Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Special 3	Battle items	Drastically raises Special Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Special 6	Battle items	Immensely raises Special Attack of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Speed	Battle items	Raises Speed of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Speed 2	Battle items	Sharply raises Speed of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Speed 3	Battle items	Drastically raises Speed of a Pokemon in battle.
 X Speed 6	Battle items	Immensely raises Speed of a Pokemon in battle.
 Yache Berry	Berries	Weakens a supereffective Ice-type attack against the holding Pokemon.
 Yellow Flute	General items	A toy flute made from yellow glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
 Yellow Scarf	General items	Raises holder's Tough aspect in a Contest.
 Yellow Shard	General items	A small yellow shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
 Ylw Apricorn	General items	A yellow Apricorn. It has an invigorating scent.
 Zap Plate	Hold items	Increases power of Electric-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Electric.
 Zinc	Medicine	A nutritious drink for Pokemon. It raises the base Sp. Def (Special Defense) stat of a single Pokemon.
 Zoom Lens	Hold items	Raises a move's accuracy if the holder moves after its target.
